e:\users\qwerty\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CHorEG v3\CHorEG v3\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
e:\users\qwerty\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CHorEG v3\CHorEG v3\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
e:\users\qwerty\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CHorEG v3\CHorEG v3\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
e:\users\qwerty\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CHorEG v3\CHorEG v3\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
e:\users\qwerty\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CHorEG v3\CHorEG v3\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
e:\users\qwerty\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CHorEG v3\CHorEG v3\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
e:\users\qwerty\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CHorEG v3\CHorEG v3\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
e:\users\qwerty\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CHorEG v3\CHorEG v3\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
e:\users\qwerty\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CHorEG v3\CHorEG v3\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
e:\users\qwerty\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CHorEG v3\CHorEG v3\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
e:\users\qwerty\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CHorEG v3\CHorEG v3\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
e:\users\qwerty\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CHorEG v3\CHorEG v3\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
e:\users\qwerty\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CHorEG v3\CHorEG v3\bin\CHorEG v3.dll.config
e:\users\qwerty\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CHorEG v3\CHorEG v3\bin\CHorEG v3.dll
e:\users\qwerty\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CHorEG v3\CHorEG v3\bin\CHorEG v3.pdb
e:\users\qwerty\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CHorEG v3\CHorEG v3\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
e:\users\qwerty\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CHorEG v3\CHorEG v3\bin\AspNet.ScriptManager.bootstrap.dll
e:\users\qwerty\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CHorEG v3\CHorEG v3\bin\AspNet.ScriptManager.jQuery.dll
e:\users\qwerty\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CHorEG v3\CHorEG v3\bin\EntityFramework.dll
e:\users\qwerty\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CHorEG v3\CHorEG v3\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
e:\users\qwerty\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CHorEG v3\CHorEG v3\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.FriendlyUrls.dll
e:\users\qwerty\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CHorEG v3\CHorEG v3\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
e:\users\qwerty\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CHorEG v3\CHorEG v3\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
e:\users\qwerty\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CHorEG v3\CHorEG v3\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
e:\users\qwerty\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CHorEG v3\CHorEG v3\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Web.Optimization.WebForms.dll
e:\users\qwerty\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CHorEG v3\CHorEG v3\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
e:\users\qwerty\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CHorEG v3\CHorEG v3\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
e:\users\qwerty\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CHorEG v3\CHorEG v3\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
e:\users\qwerty\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CHorEG v3\CHorEG v3\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
e:\users\qwerty\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CHorEG v3\CHorEG v3\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
e:\users\qwerty\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CHorEG v3\CHorEG v3\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.dll
e:\users\qwerty\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CHorEG v3\CHorEG v3\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.dll
e:\users\qwerty\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CHorEG v3\CHorEG v3\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.dll
e:\users\qwerty\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CHorEG v3\CHorEG v3\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
e:\users\qwerty\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CHorEG v3\CHorEG v3\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.dll
e:\users\qwerty\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CHorEG v3\CHorEG v3\bin\Microsoft.ScriptManager.MSAjax.dll
e:\users\qwerty\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CHorEG v3\CHorEG v3\bin\Microsoft.ScriptManager.WebForms.dll
e:\users\qwerty\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CHorEG v3\CHorEG v3\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
e:\users\qwerty\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CHorEG v3\CHorEG v3\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
e:\users\qwerty\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CHorEG v3\CHorEG v3\bin\Owin.dll
e:\users\qwerty\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CHorEG v3\CHorEG v3\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
e:\users\qwerty\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CHorEG v3\CHorEG v3\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
e:\users\qwerty\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CHorEG v3\CHorEG v3\bin\WebGrease.dll
e:\users\qwerty\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CHorEG v3\CHorEG v3\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
e:\users\qwerty\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CHorEG v3\CHorEG v3\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
e:\users\qwerty\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CHorEG v3\CHorEG v3\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
e:\users\qwerty\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CHorEG v3\CHorEG v3\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
e:\users\qwerty\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CHorEG v3\CHorEG v3\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.FriendlyUrls.xml
e:\users\qwerty\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CHorEG v3\CHorEG v3\bin\EntityFramework.xml
e:\users\qwerty\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CHorEG v3\CHorEG v3\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
e:\users\qwerty\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CHorEG v3\CHorEG v3\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
e:\users\qwerty\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CHorEG v3\CHorEG v3\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
e:\users\qwerty\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CHorEG v3\CHorEG v3\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
e:\users\qwerty\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CHorEG v3\CHorEG v3\bin\System.Web.Providers.xml
e:\users\qwerty\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CHorEG v3\CHorEG v3\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
e:\users\qwerty\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CHorEG v3\CHorEG v3\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
e:\users\qwerty\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CHorEG v3\CHorEG v3\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
e:\users\qwerty\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CHorEG v3\CHorEG v3\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.xml
e:\users\qwerty\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CHorEG v3\CHorEG v3\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
e:\users\qwerty\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CHorEG v3\CHorEG v3\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.xml
e:\users\qwerty\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CHorEG v3\CHorEG v3\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.xml
e:\users\qwerty\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CHorEG v3\CHorEG v3\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.xml
e:\users\qwerty\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CHorEG v3\CHorEG v3\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
e:\users\qwerty\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CHorEG v3\CHorEG v3\obj\Debug\CHorEG v3.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
e:\users\qwerty\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CHorEG v3\CHorEG v3\obj\Debug\CHorEG v3.dll
e:\users\qwerty\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CHorEG v3\CHorEG v3\obj\Debug\CHorEG v3.pdb
